Feburary submissions of TMWN added (#270)
nim-lang/website: jekyll/_posts/2021-03-01-this-month-with-nim.md

---
title: "This Month with Nim: Feburary 2021"
author: The Nim Community
excerpt: "Five interesting packages our users worked on in Feburary"
---

## Suber

#### Author: Allin

[Suber](https://github.com/olliNiinivaara/Suber) is an in-process topic-based [publish/subscribe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publish%E2%80%93subscribe_pattern) engine with an in-memory cache.

> I'm primarily aiming it for situations where a server is pushing messages to clients but connections may occasionally fail, and therefore a fast method for redelivering missed messages comes in handy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is primarily aimed for situations where a server is pushing messages to clients but connections may occasionally fail, and therefore a fast method for redelivering missed messages comes in handy.
```
